Clarify frontend development documentation (#2497)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/frontend/development.md

You will need to have an instance of Home Assistant set up. See our guide on [setting up a development environment](/development_environment.mdx).

> #### Developing with Visual Studio Code + devcontainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Developing with Visual Studio Code + dev container
```

> If you are using Visual Studio Code with devcontainers for Home Assistant Core, you need to mount the frontend repository into the devcontainer. Add the following section to `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` in the Home Assistant Core repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Visual Studio Code with dev containers for Home Assistant Core, you need to mount the frontend repository into the dev container. Add the following section to `.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` in the Home Assistant Core repository:
```

```json
"mounts": [
  "source=/path/to/hass/frontend,target=/workspaces/frontend,type=bind,consistency=cached"
]
```

> Rebuild the devcontainer by pressing Shift+Command+P (Mac) / Ctrl+Shift+P (Windows/Linux) to open the Command Palette, then selecting the **Dev Containers: Rebuild Container** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rebuild the dev container by pressing Shift+Command+P (Mac) / Ctrl+Shift+P (Windows/Linux) to open the Command Palette, then selecting the **Dev Containers: Rebuild Container** command.
```

Edit `config/configuration.yaml` at the root of the Home Assistant Core repository to add this entry:

```yaml
frontend:
  development_repo: /workspaces/frontend
```

:::note

> This is the mounted path inside the devcontainer, see the `target` parameter above. If the `source` path is incorrect, the web frontend won't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the mounted path inside the dev container, see the `target` parameter above. If the `source` path is incorrect, the web frontend won't work.
```

[Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/) is used as the package manager for node modules. [Install yarn using the instructions here.](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install)

### Install development dependencies and fetch latest translations

Bootstrap the frontend development environment by installing development dependencies and downloading the latest translations.

```shell
nvm use
script/bootstrap
script/setup_translations
```

:::note

> This needs to be done manually, even if you are using devcontainers. Also, you will be asked to enter a code and authorize the script to fetch the latest translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This needs to be done manually, even if you are using dev containers. Also, you will be asked to enter a code and authorize the script to fetch the latest translations.
```
